{"type":"Behavioural","duration":"2"}
1. Describe a time when you were faced with problems or stresses at work that tested your coping skills. What did you do?
2. Give an example of a time when you could not participate in a discussion or could not finish a task because you did not have enough information. What did you do?
3. Give an example of a time when you had to be relatively quick in coming to a decision. How did you go about making the decision?
4. Tell me about a time when you had to use your spoken communication skills in order to get a point across that was important to you. How did you make your point? What technique or skill worked for you?
5. Can you tell me about a job experience in which you had to speak up and tell other people what you thought or felt? What was the result of your action?
6. Give me an example of a time when you felt you were able to build motivation in your co-workers or subordinates. How did you motivate them? What were the results?
7. Tell me about a specific occasion when you conformed to a policy even though you did not agree with it. What was the result? How did you feel?
8. Describe the worst customer or co-worker you have ever had and tell me how you dealt with him or her.
9. Give me an example of a time when you used your fact-finding skills to gain information needed to solve a problem and then tell me how you analyzed the information and came to a decision. What was the result or what happened?
10. Give me an example of an important goal you had set and tell me about your progress in reaching that goal. How did you go about setting the goal?
11. Describe the most significant written document, report, or presentation that you’ve completed. What was the process you used to write this document? What was the impact or result of your efforts?
12. Give me an example of a time when you had to go above and beyond the call of duty in order to get a job done. What caused the situation that required this extraordinary effort? How did you feel about all this extra effort?
13. Give me an example of a time when you were able to communicate successfully with another person, even when that individual may not have personally liked you. What was the result of your communication?
14. Describe a situation in which you were able to read another person effectively and guide your actions by your understanding of his/her individual needs or values. What happened?
15. What did you do in your last job in order to be effective with your organization and planning? Be specific. How did you deal with competing priorities?
16. Describe the most creative work-related project you have completed.
17. Tell me about a time when you made a suggestion to improve the quality and efficiency of the work done in your unit.
18. Give me an example of a time when you had to analyze another person or situation carefully in order to be effective in guiding your action or decision. How did you decide what action or decision to take?
19. What did you do in your last job to contribute toward a teamwork environment? Be specific. What were the results of this teamwork?
20. Give me an example of a problem you faced on the job and tell me how you solved it.
21. Describe a situation in which you were able to positively influence the actions of others in a desired direction. How did this affect others in that environment?
22. Tell me about a situation in the past year in which you had to deal with a very upset customer or coworker. How did you handle the situation? What was the result?
23. Describe a situation in which others within your organization depended on you. What would they tell me about this situation?
24. Describe your most recent group effort. What was your role? How would you change the group to be more effective? 